Data sources rework (#238)
vegaprotocol/documentation: docs/tutorials/using-data-sources.md

    }
```

The pubKey in this case is the **Ethereum public key that signed the data in the message**. 

### Submitting Open Oracle data

Use the command line to submit an Open Oracle message as a transaction that is signed by your Vega wallet and sent to the validators for consensus.

> Below, find instructions on how to submit Open Oracle data as a Signed Message. Markets should be configured to only use the data at the relevant time, such as after a defined settlement date.

Reviewer: notes: the market definition (product itself) needs to include the date filter. the data source defines that only valid data can come through. (make it more explicit)

:::

### 1. Define your JSON structure

> JSON data has no defined structure - but to be useful for market creators, they'll need to know what the structure is ahead of time. Pick a data model and ensure that it's well communicated. For this tutorial, we'll create a JSON data source for the number of humans that have walked on the moon:

Author: ```suggestion
JSON data should be submitted as a single object of attributes and primitive values (i.e. no objects or arrays). Exactly what the attributes are called is up to the submitter of the data. Pick your structure in advance and ensure that it's well communicated. For this tutorial, we'll create a JSON data source for the number of humans that have walked on the moon:
```

As the name implies, a built in data source is generated inside Vega, and cannot be submitted by other keys.

> ### Using built-in data for trading termination

Reviewer 2: We should not that if using time we should always use greater than or equals rather than a straight equals, to avoid missing the time because no event is emitted with the precise required trimestamp.
